#relationships/classes/
This folder contains class definitions used by the relationship visualitation app.

##controller.js
Defines the controller class. This is the main driver of the app, and handles all user interaction with the webpage. This class also controls all other classes in the webpage, either directly or indirectly.

##data.js
Defines multiple classes related to the data generated by the app.
###Data
The data class generates edge weights and other values necessary for the app to run.
This class also performs certain transformations on the data, and is used by the Controller class to retrieve the data when needed.

###EdgeInterface
The EdgeInterface class describes in greater detail the connection(s) between two individual layers in the graph.
This class primarly serves to identify and describe cliques that are formed between the two layers.

Currently only consecutive layers are given an EdgeInterface object but in the future each possible combination of layers will be given one to allow for different graphs to be formed from the same data.

##view.js
Defines several classes relating to the display of information to the user.

###View
The View class contains many methods that use the data generated by the Data object, to form a display for the user. This includes constructing the graphical and tabular representations of the data. In addition, this class also implements many methods that handle user interaction with those visual elements.

### Edge Node and Clique
These classes are each used to store information necassary to display these elements of the graphical representation of the data.

<i>[In the future edge node and clique classes should all be derived from the same "graphElement" class.]</i>

<i>[Construction of the tabular and graphical elements of the display should each be handled by indivdual classes.]</i>